update indices of `bidRejectReason` (#433)
WICG/turtledove: FLEDGE_extended_PA_reporting.md

Similar to the above example, sometimes, the key that we want to aggregate over may depend
on the outcome of an auction. To solve this use case we provide an object called `signalBucket`.
The final bucket id of the bucket will depend on the outcome of the auction. The following

> example allows the buyer to keep track of how many times an ad was not shown because the buyer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
example allows the buyer to keep track of how many times their bid was rejected for particular reasons.
```

>       value: 1

Reviewer: Can we change the 255 to 500 or some rounder number that makes more sense as a base bucket offset?

    });

  return "not a valid bid";
}
```

> If the bid is rejected for invalid bid, this would result in a contribution being generated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the bid is rejected for being below auction floor, this would result in a contribution being generated:
```

  * `scriptRunTime`: milliseconds of CPU time that the calling function required, when called.
  * `signalsFetchTime`: milliseconds required to fetch the trusted bidding or scoring signals, when called from `generateBid()` or `scoreAd()` respectively.
  * `bidRejectReason`: one of the following values:

>     * 0: indicates ad creative URL did not meet the k-anonymity threshold

Reviewer 2: FLEDGE_extended_PA_reporting.md
